Which type is that animal?
Which color is the skateboard that the man is on?
Is it indoors or outdoors?
Are there fences behind the elephant to the left of the pine tree?
Who is wearing shoes?
Which side is the tennis ball on?
What place is this image in?
What is the clock on?
Are these people female?
What vehicle is it?
Are there both a window and a clock in the photo?
Is the bread to the right of a banana?
Is the white device on the left side or on the right?
What color is the surfboard in the middle?
Does the teddy bear that is not big appear to be resting?
Is there either a lamp or a bike in the picture?
What is the vehicle to the left of the person that is wearing a jacket called?
How tall is the grass?
Is the picture showing a kitchen or a living room?
Does the shirt that looks white look long sleeved or short sleeved?
What kind of device is silver?
Is there a towel in the photo?
Is the box to the left or to the right of the large mirror?
Is the beef on top of a sandwich?
Does his shirt have blue color?
Is the belt different in color than the shoe?
What are the animals that she is watching?
Who is sitting?
Are there numbers or letters that are not red?
Is the guy on the right side?
What appliance is not black, the stove or the toaster?
Is the television on the left?
Are there any white cups or plates?
Which are younger, the woman or the children?
What is the train made of?
Is that a train or a truck?
Are there any watermelons by the apple?
Is there any pillow?
Is the car to the right of the other car both white and large?
Are there either goggles or snowboards that are white?
Are there either any colorful bikes or skateboards?
Is it an indoors scene?
Which direction is the woman looking at?
What's the man doing?
Are there cats that are white?
What do both the bag and the console have in common?
Do you see any scarf that is purple?
Is the field brown?
Does the pipe have red color?
Do the paint and the snow have a different colors?
Are both the bat and the pole made of the same material?
Do you see men to the right of the fence?
Does the weather appear to be cloudy?
Does the frisbee look white and round?
Does the shirt have the same color as the rose?
Are there both a coat and a bag in the picture?
Do you see a cup that is made of plastic?
Do you see any women that are not sitting?
Do the clock and the statue have the same color?
Which animal is that, a rhino or an elephant?
What is the white article of clothing?
Are there either any oranges or dips in the image?
Is the bottle to the left of the woman that is holding the umbrella?
Do both the girl that is to the right of the candle and the woman seem to be eating?
Was metal used to make the fence?
Is the jacket made of denim or maybe leather?
Are there any small spoons?
What are the people to the right of the man doing, standing or sitting?
Do you see any grass in the image that is not dense?
How's the weather?
What vehicle is the same color as the tall pole?
Are there any fences that are not made of wood?
Are there fences that are made of wood?
Do these animals have different types?
What animal is the mustard on, a kitten or a dog?
Is it an indoors scene?
Is this a blue bike?
Are the animals of the same species?
What item of furniture is made of the same material as the floor?
Are these animals all the same type?
Are there airplanes in the photo that are not down?
Are there any doors in the photo that are green?
Are the gate and the chain made of the same material?
Is it an airport?
Are these animals of different species?
Does the weather appear to be cloudless?
Is the weather clear or cloudy?
Is the green fence made of iron?
Are these two people the same gender?
Is there any parrot in the image that is not blue?
Is this a black canoe?
Was this photo taken in a beach?
Is that a tennis or baseball player?
Which company made the bag to the right of the man?
Is the sign above the window?
Are there any tables in the image that are not made of metal?
How is the water?
Are both the coffee table that looks tan and the nightstand to the right of the TV made of wood?
Is it a vanilla frosting?
Is he a tennis player?
How is the water, calm or choppy?
Was the shirt made by Adidas?